# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
Nicholas Gard

Interpreting user needs is a challenging task for anyone. You need to start by fleshing out user suggestions and figuring out the core idea. Working collaboratively on this helps a lot as other team members can provide insight and understanding. You then can expand that idea into a user story. Expanding it helps develop your understanding of the idea and puts it in terms that everyone can understand. It is also the first step in turning this idea into an actionable goal.

I approach programs from the top down. I work in a very similar way to the agile method already. I start by defining the program and how the user will interact with it. I then move on to blocking out code for it in the most basic way. Writing everything down is helpful to me and allows me to come up with ideas and discard them at ease. I then iteratively write the code. Making sure to test it frequently to make sure I didn’t break something with a missing comma. I’d like to add the sprints from agile to my own coding, especially for larger projects. Using software to make a scrum board, backlog and timeboxes will be very beneficial.

A lot goes into being a good team member. First comes having some knowledge of scrum and your role in it. Understanding this is essential so you don’t have preconceived notions of what you should be doing. The second and most important thing is open communication. Throughout this course communication has been discussed a lot because it is incredibly important. Talking to your team members, asking questions, seeking guidance and voicing concerns are essential to being a good team member. Listening as well is an important part of this and helps us to improve from critiques.
